# recipe-site

This project was done as part of my admissions process for General Assembly. I followed the required tutorial provided by General Assembly to build a basic site, Esha’s Restaurant, which included HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Then, we were tasked with customising the site and making our own version of it. 

I wanted the site to be useful and only add functionality that would be genuinely beneficial to a restaurant website, rather than needless bells and whistles. I looked at Deliveroo and Uber Eats to learn some good layout styles, which I then tried to replicate. I added a box layout with each box containing a menu item. I thought this was a clean layout and clearly identified one menu item from another. Inside each box, I have the various elements about the menu item. I was keen to make the price standout as much as possible because this is an important piece of information. Therefore, I styled this text different from the rest of the text - contrasting the colours so that it had a dark background with light text. Also, similar to the Deliveroo and Uber Eats sites, the image is positioned at the top of the box taking up the full-width of the container. Finally, I added a hover effect. This effect adds a box-shadow when a user hovers over a menu item. 

Beyond the layout, I thought it would be useful to give the user some control of the display of menu item. Therefore, I added a filter panel toward the top of the site. This allows users to show and hide menu items based on their preference. I did this by adding classes to the menu items in the HTML markup denoting their categories (e.g. Chicken, Starter, Dairy). A click event stores the value of the clicked menu item and then displays items that have a class that matches the clicked item value. When this selection is made, the site displays a “Remove” button that allows users to clear their filter selection. When no filter selections are active, the “Remove” button is hidden. 

A final feature that I added was a modal. When a user clicks a menu item, it expands to take up the entirety of the screen. In doing so, it reveals a more detailed description of the selected menu item as well as the ingredients included in the dish. The modal adds a full-screen semi-transparent div behind the modal. This div is listening for click, which if triggered will close the div. This feature ensures that the site is easy to navigate around. 

The site is fully responsive and changes the layout depending on the device size. 